reindex to upgrade method removed (#3491)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/upgrade.md

- From 8.19 to {{version.stack}}

For detailed guidance on planning and executing these upgrades, refer to the [Upgrade from 7.17 guide](/deploy-manage/upgrade/deployment-or-cluster/upgrade-717.md).

> If you prefer to migrate your data to a new cluster instead of performing an in-place upgrade, refer to [Migrate your {{es}} data](/manage-data/migrate.md). In upgrade scenarios, this approach focuses on user and application data, and does not include {{kib}} data, system indices, or other {{stack}} feature data.

Reviewer: We can make this a tad clearer:

```suggestion
If you prefer to migrate your data to a new cluster instead of performing an in-place upgrade, refer to [Migrate your {{es}} data](/manage-data/migrate.md). 
When migrating data to a new cluster, the primary focus is on moving user and application data, which differs from upgrade scenarios that include {{kib}} data, system indices, and other {{stack}} feature data.
```
OR 

```suggestion
If you prefer to migrate your data to a new cluster instead of performing an in-place upgrade, refer to [Migrate your {{es}} data](/manage-data/migrate.md).
Migrating data to a new cluster prioritizes the transfer of user and application data, leaving behind {{kib}} data, system indices, and other {{stack}} feature data that are usually part of the upgrade process.
```
